d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\MobileApp.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\Couchbase.Lite.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\Couchbase.Lite.Storage.SystemSQLite.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.Portable.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\Mono.Android.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\mscorlib.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\SQLitePCL.ugly.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\Stateless.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Core.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.Linq.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Collections.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Globalization.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.IO.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Primitives.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Requests.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ObjectModel.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Emit.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Security.Principal.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.Encoding.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Timer.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Http.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Numerics.dll
d:\aditya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApp\MobileApp\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.dll
